Docs: minor rewrites. (#13236)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/features/image-upload.md

### CKBox

CKBox is a modern SaaS file management platform with a clean interface, responsive images and top-notch UX. We keep expanding and updating it constantly, adding new features and functions. If you are a part of an organization with many different files to manage, such as images or documents, and regularly have issues finding the right files for the task at hand, CKBox is the right solution.

CKBox is a part of the commercial [CKEditor Cloud Services](https://ckeditor.com/ckeditor-cloud-services/) offer.

> With the CKBox platform, users can upload files and categorize them into different groups, also. They can also change the way the files are organized as various interface modification options exist – like changing the image thumbnail sizes or changing how many files are displayed within the navigation that users can view. Files can be uploaded, deleted, renamed, tagged. File properties like dimensions, upload date or size are also easily accessible and can be used to sort the files view alonside a regular search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the CKBox platform, users can upload files and categorize them into different groups. They can also change the way the files are organized as various interface modification options exist. For example, you can modify the image thumbnail sizes or decide how many files are displayed within the navigation that users can view. Files can be uploaded, deleted, renamed, and tagged. File properties like dimensions, upload date or size are also easily accessible and can be used to sort the files view alonside a regular search.
```

{@link features/ckbox **Learn how to use CKBox in your project**}.

### Easy Image

> The {@link features/easy-image Easy Image} feature comes with a strong focus on the end–user experience and its goal is to make the image upload as effortless and intuitive as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link features/easy-image Easy Image} feature comes with a strong focus on the end–user experience. Its goal is to make the image upload as effortless and intuitive as possible.
```
